Synchronized RF 
and HIFES™ 
technologies to firm 
the framework
of your face
             EMYOUNGANTI-AGING
Non-invasive Facial Sculpting
BEIJING KEDUNLASER TECHNOLOGY 
Up to five channels can work simultaneously for non-invasive facial contour remodeling while processing 
elastin and collagen.Non-invasive Facial SculptingRF+HIFES™ TECHNOLOGY

Face lift,improving skin texture and reducing fine lines and wrinkles.
High intensity focused electromagnetic 
stimulation + synchronous RF
Using high intensity focused electromagnetic stimulation 
technology which targets the facial muscle. It causes 
supramaximal contractions. These contractions strengthen the 
muscles causing a shortening and lifting effect, resulting in a lift 
to the cheeks and the forehead region.
Radio frequency is simultaneously delivered to the dermis of the 
skin, stimulating collagen and elastin fibers in the skin, thereby 
improving skin texture and reducing fine lines and wrinkles.HOW DOES EMYOUNG WORK?
FIVE SHAPES OF APPLICATORS
Five different shapes of applicators
EYES*2
Forehead, Eyes, Face and Jawline ApplicatorsFACE*2
FOREHEAD
JAWLINE
NECK
NECK
JAWLINE
FOREHEAD
FACE*2
EYES*2
Applicator Contact SurfaceNECK APPLICATOR
Neck Applicator
Three different output modes
Under different output modes, the electromagnetic wave 
preparation depth is different. The penetration depth of the three 
models is epidermal, dermal and SMAs layers, reaching different 
skin depths in all directions to achieve the best treatment results.
High intensity focused 
electromagnetic stimulation
● Stimulates fine facial muscles
● Produces supermaximum contractions instead of 
normal muscle contractions
● Stimulates the muscle motor neuron, and transmits its 
signal to the muscle
Synchronous radio 
frequency
● Radio frequency and high intensity focused 
electromagnetic stimulation are emitted simultaneously
● Heat all skin layers evenly
● The whole treatment head is evenly heated
● Dynamic impedance technology
Interface display
User-friendly, intelligent and simple operation interface, only need to select the mode, the system will 
automatically run, generate recommended processing parameters.
Three modes of operation
Auto Mode
Automatic mode
●The system will directly recommend the corresponding 
treatment parameters according to the treatment site, 
which is convenient to use.
Manual Mode
Manual mode
● Suitable for the use of personnel with sufficient 
operational experience, can adjust the most suitable 
treatment parameters according to their own experience 
and customer feelings.
High Power Mode
High power mode
● Unique high power mode uses superior output power 
to achieve better physical therapy results.

EMYOUNG uses synchronous radio frequency and high intensity focused 
electromagnetic stimulation energy, the treatment can be carried out 
independently with a patch and is non-invasive.
Treat a full face in just 20 minutes.
No downtime. You can return to your daily activities immediately 
after treatment. While increasing collagen and elastin, it also strengthens facial 
muscles that weaken with age, resulting in long-term results.
It is a tolerable and comfortable treatment, when the treatment 
starts, the client will only feel warmth or vibration and muscle 
contraction.Power: 800w
Screen size: 15.6 inches
Patch shape: 5 kinds
Channels: 5
Rf power: 300W
voltage: AC220V±10% 50HZ,110v±10% 60HZ
How long will EMYOUNG be treated?
● Treatment time is only 20 minutes.
How was EMYOUNG's treatment?
● It feels like a facial massage with a gentle warm feeling and pulsation.
Does EMYOUNG's treatment hurt?
● Of course not. It's a pretty relaxing almost hot stone massage feeling.
When will I see results after EMYOUNG treatment?
● Most people may begin to notice results after the first treatment, but 
the best results usually appear 8-12 weeks after the fourth treatment.
Does EMYOUNG have recovery time after treatment?
● Short recovery period, no need to recover at home.
Can I have EMYOUNG treatment if I have facial fillers?
● If the injection has been given for more than 3 weeks and there is no 
tenderness or bruising at the injection site, it is OK.
Who is a good candidate for EMYOUNG?
● The EMYOUNG is suitable for anyone looking to improve the 
appearance of sagging skin, fine lines, and loss of facial volume without 
undergoing surgery.FAQs about clinical practiceABOUT EMYOUNG
Face lift rate 
increased by 23%Facial wrinkles 
reduced by 37%Muscle tone 
increased by 30% Muscle density 
increased by 19%
Collagen increased 
by 26%

BEFORE AFTERMost people may start to notice results after the first treatment, but the best results usually appear 8-12 weeks. EFFECT CONTRAST
Most people may start to notice results after the first treatment, but the best results usually appear 8-12 weeks. EFFECT CONTRAST
BEFORE AFTER
360
360° all-round package 0 accidents in transit0Anti-bump 
liningThickened 
flight case Photoelectric Beauty Equipment Service Center
100% security protection
Anti-bump lining + thickened flight casePACKING DELIVERY
AROUND THE WORLD 
Sales outlets throughout the country and exports to more than a dozen countries and regions around the world
Excellent quality and reasonable price, our products are 
sold both at home and abroad, winning the recognition 
and praise from majority of our customers.
•Excellent instrument quality, high configuration, high 
efficiency.
•Ensure the treatment effect and guarantee the comfort 
of treatment.  
•Perfect training + after-sales service.
