--- Page 1 ---
Anatomy of Tear

‧ Tear trough—the nasojugal depression or groove

一 Originates between the lateral nasal bridge and the
lower eyelid

— Extends below the intraorbital rim of the eye
— Normal anatomical feature
* Tear trough deformity—a deeper than usual tear trough
— Abnormal feature when overly deep
— Extremely variable and genetically mediated
一 Can be age related
一 Arcus marginalis is key component in deformity pattern

Kim R et al. American Society of Plastic Surgeons 2003. Abstract 3469.
Available at: httpv/asps.confex.com/asps/2003amitechprogram/paper_3469.htm. Accessed March 9, 2007.

--- Page 2 ---
Tear trough deformity ——

Arcus marginalis

Tear trough defonnity

fj

K
Available at: http:asps.confex.com/

Abstract 3469.

1 R etal. American Society of Pla                     :
ed March 9, 2007.

/2003amitechprogramipaper_3


--- Page 3 ---
Mild, subtle presence of a medial line or shadow, smooth lateral
transition of lid-cheek junction

Absence of medial or lateral lines demarcating the arcus
marginalis or the orbital rim, and a smooth youthful contour

Severe demarcation of the orbit-cheek junction with an obvious
step between the orbit and the cheek

Moderate prominence of a visible demarcation of the lid-cheek
junction extending from medial to lateral

Barton F et al. Plast Reconstr Surg. 2004:113:2115-2121.

--- Page 4 ---
7
 7 Anatomy of

”~”
» -— 4

Illustration and photograph reprinted from Barton FE et al.
Plastic Reconstt Surg. 2004;113:2115-2121.

--- Page 5 ---
‧ Lateral corners of the mouth are permanently angled
downward. Although this involves minimal wrinkling, the
down-turned mouth corners create an expression of
apparent unhappiness.

e Can occur alone or in combination with melomental
folds—also known as marionette lines

‧ Caused by the depressor anguli oris and platysma
muscles pulling down the corners of the mouth in
opposition to the zygomaticus major and minor, and
levator labii superioris muscles

--- Page 6 ---
Mouth Frown Characteristics (Cont)

- Depressor anguli oris and platysma muscles pull down
corners of the mouth in opposition to zygomaticus major and
minor’, and levator labii superioris muscles

levator labii
superiors

zygomaticus minor 一

zygomaticus major

platysma

depressor anguli ors

*Zygomaticus minor is absent in 25% of individuals             Carruthers J, Carruthers A. Dermatof Clin. 2004;22:161-158.

--- Page 7 ---
念

BoNTA Injection Technique
for Mouth Frown’

« Injection of 2 to 5 U of botulinum toxin type A (BONTA)
just posterior to border of masseter on each side of the
mouth. BoNTA will diffuse into the depressor anguli oris
and platysma pars facialis

masseter

levator labii inferioris                                                                                    (fe                         .          .
_ or                             f                                                              obicularis

人
platysma pars                                       和               i“                  Depresso anguli oris
facialis                                                  ANN              ,

ANY
a     QO
depressor              ~         “ wa               -
anguli oris™                                                                                 mentalis

SNot FDA approved for this use
BoNT A=botulinum toxin type 4; U=units                          Carruthers J, Carruthers A. Derma

--- Page 8 ---
‧ Injection of the depressor anguli oris and perioral region
should be mainly considered in patients who have
experienced the effects of BONTA injections elsewhere
and are aware of treatment aims and possible outcomes

SNot FDA approved for this use
BoNT A=botulinum toxin type A                                    Carruthers J, Carruthers A. {nt Qohthaimol Clin. 2005;45(3):133-1 41.

--- Page 9 ---
* Use Caution Wher
” BoNTA Near Mo

SS .

‧ Injections too medial can cause ipsilateral weakness of
the depressor labii and flattening of the lower lip contour
when the mouth attempts to form an “O”

‧ Injections placed too high may interfere with sphincter
function leading to problems with speech and suction so
may not be suitable for singers or musicians who tend to
use their perioral muscles with intensity

‧ Other complications

— Flaccid cheek        — Difficulty with elocution

一 Incompetent mouth -— Asymmetric smile

SNot FDA approved for this use
BoNT A=botulinum toxin type A                                                Carruthers J, Carruthers A. Dermatos Clin. 2004:22:151-158.

--- Page 10 ---
‧ Smaller doses are less likely to cause problems;
therefore, a conservative approach to treatment is
recommended

‧ Most complications are relatively uncommon and related
to poor injection techniques and may include the
following:

— Transient injection-site swelling or bruising

— Undesired muscle weakness due to BoNTA diffusion
after injection too close to mouth; causes flattening of
lower lip contour, difficulties with speech and suction

— Flu-like symptoms (uncommon)

SNot FDA approved for this use
BoNT A=botulinum toxin type A                                               Carruthers J, Carruthers A. Dermatos Clin. 2004:22:151-158.

--- Page 11 ---
‧ 人AA 50-7ear-old woman seeking treatment of mouth frown
that is present at rest

‧ She is concerned about this condition because it gives
her a permanent sad and angry appearance

‧ She has previously undergone BoNTA injections to the
upper face for treatment of glabellar frown lines and
crow’s feet

‧ After consultation with her dermatologist, she agrees to
be treated with BONTA in the mouth corner region

SNot FDA approved for this use
BoNT A=botulinum toxin type A                                               Carruthers J, Carruthers A. Dermatos Clin. 2004:22:151-158.

--- Page 12 ---
‧ 4U of BoNTA is injected
just posterior to the
anterior border of the
masseter on each side of
the mouth; BoNTA will
diffuse into depressor
anguli oris and platysma
pars faciali

‧ Careful choice of injection
site is key to avoid                                          和二
adverse effects of BONTA                    demesse
on other muscles                                    ea

SNot FDA approved for this use
BoNT A=botulinum toxin type 4; U=units                       Carruthers J, Carruthers A. Dermatos Clin. 2004;22:151-158.

--- Page 13 ---
eS  ce»

Results of BoNTA Injection
for Mouth Frown’

1-4 pfore  BoN TA  treatment

Awinal aftar DaNITA traatmant
| week after BoNTA treatment

Photos courtesy of Jean Carruthers. MD
SNot FDA approved for this use

BoNT A=botulinum toxin type A                         Carruthers J   arruthers A. Dermeto! Clin. 2004:°22:1451-158

--- Page 14 ---
” for Mouth Frowr

‧ Intraoral nerve block is given at the infraorbital
and mental nerves to reduce patient discomfort

‧ Injections are given using serial puncture with a
30-gauge needle; the “push-ahead” technique is
recommended in which a stream of NASHA precedes
the needle as it advances through the delicate tissues

‧ Injection patterns include the lateral part of the lower
and upper lip; an intradermal extension from each lateral
commissure to the mandibular margin is included in the
pattern to provide an intradermal and subdermal support
column for the lateral commissure

NASHA= Non—animal-stabilized hyaluronic acid                         Carruthers J et al. Dennatol Surg. 2005:°31:276-280,

--- Page 15 ---
‧ Injection-related bruising, erythema, discoloration

‧ Lumping will occur for 1 to 2 weeks as NASHA absorbs
water

‧ Activation of herpes labialis (if injection near lips)

Note: as with all fillers, there is a very rare occurrence
of granulomatous reactions

Carruthers J, Carruthers A. nt Ophthalmol Clin. 2005°45(3):143-151.
NASHA= Non—animal-stabilized hyaluronic acid                             Carruthers J et al. Demnatol Surg. 2005:31:276-280.

